Azure: add basic docs and example (#148)
DataDog/terraform-module-datadog-agentless-scanner: modules/azure/README.md

# Terraform Module Datadog Agentless Scanner Module

> This Terraform module provides a simple and reusable configuration for installing a Datadog agentless scanner on Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Terraform module provides a simple and reusable configuration for installing a Datadog Agentless Scanner on Azure.
```

To use this module in your Terraform configuration, add the following code in your existing Terraform code:

```hcl
variable "datadog-api-key" {}

module "datadog-agentless-scanner" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/DataDog/terraform-module-datadog-agentless-scanner//modules/azure"

  site                = "datadoghq.com"
  location            = "East US"
  resource_group_name = "datadog-agentless-scanner"
  admin_ssh_key       = "ssh-rsa ..." # SSH public key of the admin user
  api_key             = var.datadog-api-key

  # A list of subscriptions to be scanned. If not specified, defaults to the current subscription.
  scan_scopes = ["/subscriptions/00000000-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"]
}
```

And run:
```sh
terraform init
export ARM_SUBSCRIPTION_ID="00000000-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
terraform apply -var="datadog-api-key=$DD_API_KEY"
```

### Notes

- `site` must match the Datadog site parameter of your account (see [this table](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/#access-the-datadog-site)).
- `location` must be an Azure region. To avoid inter-region bandwidth charges,
  the scanner should be deployed in the same region as the resources to be scanned.

> - `resource_group_name` is the name of the resource group where the agentless scanner
>   will be created. For security reasons, this resource group should be reserved for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `resource_group_name` is the name of the resource group where the Agentless scanner
  is created. For security reasons, this resource group should be reserved for
```

  the exclusive use of the scanner.
- `scan_scopes` is a list of [scopes](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/scope-overview)

>   that the agentless scanner should scan. The scanner will be given read access to managed
>   disks in these scopes. Note that currently only subscription scopes are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that the Agentless scanner should scan. The scanner is given read access to managed
  disks in these scopes. Only subscription scopes are supported.
```
